(inspiring music)
(static beep)
War.
Whoa-oh.
Never changes
(laughs)
What's up YouTube, what's going on it's Cory-
(grunting)
(explosion)
Take a good look at the competition ladies and gentlemen.
Look at all those chickens!
(person falling and yelling)
Come down from the tree!
Let's see what the mammoth doing over here.
(screaming)
Handle that!
(more screaming)
Put it up!
Where da Valkyrie?
Oh.
(bad flute music)
(sobbing)
(hand slapping)
(static beeps)
Now I'm about to take on a minotaur.
(man screaming)
Gimme them heads!
(punching)
Oh my Gosh.
Oh my Gosh!
Put em' in the dirt!
(cartoonish yoinking)
Bro he's-
(melancholic music plays)
Why are we still here?
Just to suffer?
Every-
(static beeps)
Now go help over here.
Wheelbarrow, what y'all doing?
(thudding)
Wheelbarrow, what are you doing?
(rhythmic stomping)
Aye-oh!
(stomping)
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey!
♪ You are my enemy, you are my enemy♪
♪ You not a friend of me ♪
Aye-yoh, aye-yoh!
Aye-yoh!
Hey aye-yoh!
Hey-yah, Hey-yah!
♪ You are my enemy ♪
♪ You! You! ♪
♪ Yeah, you are my ene- ♪
Catapult, you gotta go, you gotta go,
you gotta go while this-
Yeet!
(bowling pins falling)
Goal!
Oh yeah, where y'all at?
Harvester, you got one job.
When I hya, no say go yes-
Oh, whoa,
I want you to sa- no wha-
Swing said axe as hard-
Okay.
(baby cooing)